feat: add reflection for milestone 4 (#131)
UBC-MDS/DSCI-532_2024_22_flightfinder: reports/m4-reflection.md

This week, we implemented major improvements to our app, enhancing both its performance and appearance. We significantly boosted the app's speed by converting data into Parquet files and processing redundant data before loading it into memory. Additionally, we introduced a caching mechanism for the dropdown functions, enabling automatic loading of data for previously selected routes.

To improve user experience, we added a full-screen loader that clearly indicates the data is being filtered and not yet displayed. A new submit button was incorporated, allowing charts to be generated only after the user's confirmation, further optimizing performance.

Visually, we refined our app by removing unnecessary titles from the map and the delay time bar chart, adjusting the sidebar text width, and introducing a plain logo that complements our dashboard's aesthetic. We unified the color scheme for location markers on the map for consistency and ensured the same airline is represented with consistent colors across different bar charts.

> We also adjusted the X-axis of our histogram of delay probabilities to a logarithmic scale, enhancing the visibility of smaller delays while highlighting potential extreme delays.

Author: ```suggestion
We also converted our chart showing the probabilities of different delays from a histogram to a bar chart. It is now interactive and allows the user to zoom in on certain values. It also now has a tooltip that tells the user the probability of a delay larger than x minutes. This makes it far more useful for the user and is a major upgrade.
```
